
---
title: 'Daily Pakistan 1'
date: '2022-06-28'
---

Pakistan is under dire straits nowadays, with the economy declining steeply everyday, crimes rising through the ceilings together with loadshedding adding to the misery of Pakistanis. Petrol is being reportedly priced at Rs 233 and because of this the country's transport has been adversely affected. This may be the spear that drives through the heart and finishes Pakistan in its ailing days. Inflation of petrol prices and levies has alone started a menacing cascade of events. The daily transport has declined sharply in the country on average, and perhaps the airline industry has suffered huge losses resulting in less daily flights outside and inside the country, and don't even talk to me about railway. One could write a million words about the position of railway industry in Pakistan and yet still not cover the ocean deep corruption that it has maligned. Pre-colonial railway carriages, outdated, deteriorating railway tracks, lazy-ass railway industry officers have drove the railway industry into the mud. One could even talk about why, reportedly,  did Pakistan stop Indian air flights from passing over Pakistan airspace. One possible reason could be about the issue of security, but that is rendered useless when India fired an empty missle in Pakistan and nothing was done to counter it. Luckily it crashed in an isolated area. 

Perhaps the main reason we have reached at this stage is reportedly, due to the allocation of budget for defence which is considerably higher than other allocations. But it is fruitless to go about that direction since it is now considered breaking a law to insult or say something bad about Pakistan's Armed forces. It is reported that the prime minister, Shehbaz Sharif is deciding to import coal in rupees from Afganistan to conserve Pakistan's foreign exhange. It is also reported that there have been numerous kidnappings and casualties during the ongoing of the local LG elections in various cities of Pakistan. Reportedly, one of the coalition parties of the current goverment is now raising voices against PML-N, the ruling party. Some of these parties made a coalition to set up a vote of no confidence against the former prime minister of Pakistan under some binding conditions. 

Honestly, current situation of Pakistan could not have arrived at a more worse time than now, because even the hot weather is playing with the people of Pakistan. But, according to the popular belief, _"Everything happens for a good reason"_, we have the ability to dust off and pick ourselves in such treacherous times. After the 1971 war, our armed forces were in prison camps across the border and yet under powerful leadership, we managed to exit out of that situation. When everything was out of control after the assasination our first female Prime Minister, we managed to get up and continue moving forward. We should thank our God, for there are many countries in the world which have gone through the circumstances Pakistan is facing today but have not made it out. Such a latest example is that of Srilanka. We thankfully have many resources, including the zeal and hardworking passion of the people, access to sea ports, and precious energy resources, so we should not give up, the moment we face any hardship. Because in the end, what will be better?, dying by a life-long disease or living by fighting through cancer?
